they said that even loving couples will have the
idea to strangle each other 50 times in their
lifetime however is marriage really so horrible
welcome back to film time a movie recap channel
today we are watching a classic suspense
film directed by david fincher gone girl
it is a must-watch suspense film for couples
because it set aside the sweet veneer of love
and revealed the hideous nature of marriage today
is the fifth wedding anniversary of ben and amy
ben woke up early and came to the bar co-owned
by his sister as usual ben complained about
his wife and the hopeless marriage soon
a phone call made ben going back home
it turns out that the enthusiastic neighbor
found that the cats in ben's house slipped out
and amy did not seem to be at home ben found signs
of a fight in the living room the chairs fell on
the ground and the coffee table was broken yet
no signs of amy being in the house were found
ben panicked and called the police the policewoman
in charge found two suspicious bloodstains in
a hidden place on top of the cupboard the police
immediately cordoned off the scene and launched an
investigation so ben had to stay with his sister
knowing their daughter was missing amy's parents
held a press conference immediately both elderly
people are best selling writers they had created
a series of books based on their daughter called
magical amy amy herself also gained countless fans
at the launch the two old elderly appealed
to their fans to help find their daughter
the case of amy's disappearance sparked public
debate at the same time the police made an
important discovery after the investigation the
policewoman found a strange letter in the closet
which seemed to have some kind of clue written
on it ben explained that it was a little game
of treasure hunt between him and amy every year on
their wedding anniversary amy would break down the
location of the hidden gift into several clues
and hide them in envelopes leading to the gifts
this letter should be the first clue this year ben
soon had an answer and he brought the policewoman
to his office it turned out that ben teaches in
a university as a part-time teacher in the office
then they did find a second envelope with clues
inside pointing to a brown hut the policewoman
also found sexy red underwear in the corner of
the office which made ben extremely embarrassed
ben said he did not know the location of the
little brown hut but that night he sneaked off
alone to his father's old house it turns out that
ben's father's name is brown so ben knows that
the brown hut refers to his father's house the
third envelope was on the table of the cottage
at this moment the police tracked it down then
panicked and hid the envelope in his pocket
faced with the police's question he
explained that this is his father's old house
he would come over once a week and the exterior of
this cottage is blue it's definitely not a brown
cottage after saying that ben drove away and
the police used a flashlight to shine the hut
which was indeed blue however it is obvious
that he got to be guilty of something
not only the police but also the crowds think that
ben was suspicious the media issued two photos of
him one was taken at the press conference of
ben giggling next to his wife's search notice
the second is a photo of him with the reporter
still with a silly smile how can a man still
laugh when his wife is missing would the murderer
be himself everyone pointed their fingers at ben
to come the public opinion ben attended amy's
blessing events he explained that the smile on
the photo was just out of politeness and
then with a sad face he told how much he
was worried and missed his wife the crowd of
onlookers was finally moved by it just then
a female neighbor suddenly jumped out and loudly
questioned what ben had done to his pregnant wife
the whole crowd was stunned why had ben never
mentioned such important news about the pregnancy
ben himself was so confused that
he had to flee the scene in a hurry
seeing that he could not defend himself the police
soon came back to the door and they now suspected
that this was not a case of disappearance but
a case of murder the number one suspect is ben
as the investigation progressed more suspicions on
ben all of the family's property is in amy's name
including the ben's bar second ben's credit
debt is high he also suddenly bought a life
insurance for amy third if the kidnapper and
amy had a fight how could all the furnishings
be neat and tidy except for the chairs and
coffee table obviously the struggle marks in
the living room came from deliberate faking and
the real crime scene was in the kitchen besides
lumino testing showed that there was a large
amount of blood residue cleaned off the floor and
these blood stains matched with amy's the hospital
visit record showed that amy was indeed pregnant
in addition the police found an unburned
diary and a bloodstained stick in the
fireplace of ben's father's cabin the diary
was filled with amy's accusations against ben
ben was thus discontented and became
increasingly indifferent to his wife
amy tried to use the child to keep their marriage
together but when he learned that his wife was
pregnant her husband not only did not have a trace
of joy but coldly pushed her to the ground it is
obvious that ben did not want the child at the
end of the diary amy wrote i think he will kill me
in this case the murder's motives are all clear
a terrible kill his pregnant wife's husband in
order to get rid of the marriage and get the
high insurance payments in the face of police
questioning ben denied it repeatedly and finally
broke the cup in anger refusing to answer any
questions and remaining silent is the right of
the suspect so the police can do nothing about
him the only thing that can be done now is to find
the body so that evidence can be found to bring
the killer to justice but where exactly is amy
in fact she did not die at all amy is hiding in
another city secretly focusing on the farce which
is all her revenge on her scum husband not long
after the marriage amy found out that the perfect
guy is just ben's disguise when they're in love
he is actually a lazy person and a philanderer amy
knows that she is not ben's ideal wife candidate
the two imperfect people put up with each other
until another cool girl appears at school who was
younger and more energetic amy could not stand it
any longer so this highly intelligent woman had a
bold plan the first step to make good relations
with the gossipy neighbor reveal the secret of
her husband as a domestic violence bastard the
second step is to secretly max out your husband's
credit card making the illusion that he is short
of money and cajole him to sign on her insurance
the third step is to compose a diary and
carefully fabricate the image of a miserable wife
in this way the motive and evidence for killing
his wife to cheat the insurance payments are
available the next step is to set up the scene of
the murder on the day of the wedding anniversary
the show officially began amy first extracted
her own blood and splashed it on the ground
then broke the coffee table in purpose to make
a fake kidnap scene then throw her diary and
would stick into the fireplace leaving both
things half burnt to make the police think
that the husband didn't have enough time to
destroy the evidence and weapon a memorial
day scavenger hunt is the best way to lead the
deceased had better be a poor pregnant woman
amy invited a pregnant female neighbor to her home
as a guest and took the opportunity to extract the
other woman's urine which was then sent to the
hospital for leaving a pregnancy record after
doing all this amy disguised herself and took a
black car to a strange city then rented a small
cheap hotel and secretly observed the development
everything was exactly as she had envisioned
although the case was not yet closed ben had
become the acknowledged murderer the media are all
over the case public opinion is in an uproar the
crowd is furious and ben has become a street rat
but amy's plan is not over yet she is ready to
throw herself into the seat three months later
so as to make the husband's murder
charge and send him to the gallows
she will not make ben's life easy
since he didn't treat her well
however the plan failed to catch up with the
change amy was pleased until being noticed by
a group of gangsters living next door to the
hotel they found out that amy was hiding her
identity so she did not dare to call the police
then they robbed her of all the cash with her
amy became penniless at once she had no choice
but to go to his ex-boyfriend and lie that she had
been abused which is why she planned this runaway
the ex-boyfriend not only believed the rhetoric
but also prepared a luxury villa for her but when
she got there amy realized that he wanted to take
the opportunity to imprison her the house is full
of cameras the door is equipped with a combination
lock she simply cannot go out after she came in
on the other side ben finally solves the puzzle
in the third letter the clue that points
to the small woodshed of his sister's house
it was filled with his favorite expensive gaming
equipment those are stolen from ben's credit card
ben finally realized the fact that he had
been fooled by his wife but these things
could not be used as evidence at all because
he cannot prove that these were bought by amy
he can only sit on his own financial problems dot
however then also that he couldn't cope with this
clever woman with his own intelligence dot so he
spent a lot of money to find an experienced lawyer
after hearing what happened the lawyer directly
asked ben to go to amy's ex-boyfriends hoping to
dig up the negative information of this woman so
that they can easily worsen amy's reputation the
ex-boyfriends are simply not willing to help ben
so ben had to find another ex-boyfriend of amy
this guy told ben that amy has a strong desire to
control he chose to break up because he could not
stand each other at that time amy became angry
and even falsely accused himself of assaulting
her ex-boyfriend so he left a criminal record
and cannot find any evidence of innocence
the ex-boyfriend told ben that it
seems to be useless to defame her
the lawyer gave ben another idea that is to
take the initiative to admit their mistakes
to clear their own image of a bad guy to do this
the lawyer gave ben special training in acting
carefully designed every line every expression
in the following media interview ben's acting
skills exploded perfectly portrayed the image of
a prodigal husband he also tearfully applied for
a confession to his wife sincerely apologized and
called on amy to return to him as soon as possible
this works the direction of public opinion on the
internet reversed many people began to praise ben
for his commitment and deep love even amy couldn't
help but look at her husband differently after
watching the show of course she was not impressed
by ben but such a good at disguise merit in the
heart of the man is the perfect husband in her
own minds thinking of this amy suddenly did not
want to die again she wanted to return to ben now
the rich ex-boyfriend who imprisoned her becomes
the only obstacle soon she comes up with a new
plan as the rich ex-boyfriend leaves the house
amy started her show she first tied a rope around
her ankles then hurt herself with a wine bottle
then poured red wine on his skirt to disguise
it as blood then she ran under the camera probe
and let out a whale of pain leaving evidence
of his captivity and abuse with superb acting
when the ex-boyfriend came back amy
slashed his neck and caused him to death
in this way amy smoothly escaped from the
villa covered in blood to return to her husband
under the crowd of countless reporters the
couple embraced each other with deep emotion
afterward the two came to the police station and
amy told the police that it was her ex-boyfriend
who had kidnapped and imprisoned her and
used every means to inflict violence on
her she had to find an opportunity to kill the
perverted maniac in order to protect herself
the surveillance in the villa the bruises
on her body all proved that amy did not lie
as the evidence was overwhelming and the
experience described by amy was so vivid that
it could not be seen as false the police finally
decided that she was justified in self-defense and
acquitted her and the disappearance case came to
an end amy showed up again in the spotlight with
a wound after coming back home and closing the
door she removed all the pretense calmly admit
that the ex-boyfriend is just a poor scapegoat
she was the one who cut his neck after saying that
amy proudly advised her husband not to try to
leave her because the two of them have been
firmly tied together the prodigal man waited for
his courageous wife and the abused woman returned
to the warm embrace of her husband this is the
perfect ending that the media and the hungry
public want most not long after amy announced to
ben that she was really pregnant with ivf and that
her husband would never be able to leave her again
ben angrily and painfully asked his wife what is
the point of tormenting and controlling each other
like this amy just calmly replied this is what
marriage really is at the end of the story ben
told reporters that he and his wife to be parents
with a happy face under the camera it seems
that this shivering fake marriage will continue
gone girl is a thrilling masterpiece in the
history of cinema it has been nominated for the
golden globe award for best screenplay and is also
a masterpiece of the fear of marriage what's even
scarier is that the scary plot in the movie is not
just the story but we can find many of the same or
even more scary cases in real life i hope that
everyone who is looking forward to marriage will
be able to meet a person with mutual support and
progress together all right that's all for today
if you like film time a movie recap channel
please don't forget to like and subscribe
you can leave message about the movie you
would like us to recap i will see you next time